Basic Deno support (#1448)
openpgpjs/openpgpjs: README.md

import * as openpgp from 'openpgp';
```

#### Deno (experimental)

> Import as an ES6 module, using /dist/openpgp.mjs.

Author: Like this?

```js

> import * as openpgp from "./openpgpgjs/dist/openpgp.mjs";

Author: Something like this?

Reviewer: Yep, seems reasonable for now :+1: One small typo (and quote style):
```suggestion
import * as openpgp from './openpgpjs/dist/openpgp.mjs';
```

> import * as openpgp from "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/openpgp@5/dist/openpgp.mjs";

Author: Maybe deno.land/x can be seen as a more trusted source? This will require a maintaner to register the module at ```https://deno.land/x```, and add a webhook to github.

For now, maybe we can keep it anonymous, with an example showing a local import?

> import * as openpgp from "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/openpgp@5/dist/openpgp.mjs";

Reviewer: Alrighty, yeah. We can do that after merging this.

> import * as openpgp from "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/openpgp@5/dist/openpgp.mjs";

Author: Sweet 👍
